Hi, welcome to the Pong from pixel screen-cast.
This time I'm going to walk you through how to use
PPO algorithm to train an agent to play Pong from the pixels.
Now the code is very similar to the reinforced version.
So I'll only highlight the main differences compared to the previous version.
So for details please look at the screen-cast for the pong reinforced
version where I will discuss some of the functions that are used.
So let's skip right away to the policy part.
The policy remains the same,
so I encourage you to copy the policy you used from the reinforced version to here.
Next we're going to skip straight to the surrogate function.
This is where you will code up your scalar function,
such that Pytorch can invoke backward to compute the gradient.
Now in PPO, the scalar function is
quite a bit different from the reinforce version where you compute
this ratio of new policy overall policy apply
clipping and then multiply it by the future reward and take some minimum.
So here I've included a skeleton code but where I've only included the entropy term.
So when you're done please add your clipped part here,
clipped result say, and then finish your function.
But for illustration purposes,
I'm also going to use the solution that's included in pong details.
So to see that, let's skip straight to the training around.
As before, use the parallel environment that
allows me to collect multiple trajectories in a row.
I also use a parallel agents the same as before.
The difference is now we have a few extra hyper-parameters to tune.
The first one is this epsilon parameter which controls the clipping,
and I've set it to 0.1.
During the training run,
the 0.1 will decay to smaller and smaller as training happens.
Now this clipping epsilon,
is used for the clip surrogate function in here.
Now there's an additional hyper-parameter,
the epoch of updating policy,
called the SGD epoch-4.
This controls how many times we use the same trajectories to update your policy.
This is one of the key points of the PPO algorithm
where we use trajectories to update your policy multiple times.
Now in the training loop,
as before we collect trajectories,
compute the total reward.
Now the gradient ascent step is quite different.
First you have to loop over all the SGD epoch.
Here I've set it to four.
You feel free to try a smaller number.
If four is changed to one,
you are essentially doing reinforce algorithm.
So something between say four to eight,
or even three is probably reasonable.
Now at each step you should compute the scalar clipped surrogate function shown here.
Pong utils is the solution.
Then you perform gradient ascent.
Now after each step,
you can decrease the epsilon along with the beta which encourages exploration,
and keep track of the progress here.
So the training takes quite a while,
and again it takes roughly 45 minutes in this round.
You can see some of the progress that's being done,
but the difference is compared to the reinforce algorithm.
After roughly 500 or 600 episodes,
the agent is already able to beat the computer.
Now you can plot the mean we want here.
You can see there's a steady learning going on until
it we caps out around an average of three points,
which is roughly the best you can do given that we're limiting the time frame.
So let's see how the agent generalizes the 320 frames for the entire game.
This is one particular episode you can play.
You can see that it misses the first point.
But afterwards is very consistent in getting the winning move.
Now the agent learns much better.
Let me speed this up.
You stare it consistently his winning points and he got 21 points.
Now you can also save your policy,
and load it to keep your progress.
So that's it. Now you've implemented
PPO algorithm to train an agent to play pong from the pixel.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6